[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlier
sophie
my name is karsten uh at this point
i'm really not sure what we need to do
next
and i could try going i think i ended up
in one of the nasty dlc areas that time
which did get us
some nice materials
yeah a few dragon blood stones
high-class talismans with some crazy
stuff on them
and those would be useful but i want to
make better weapons and armor
and i think to do that i need to get
more
i need to unlock that um
what's it harmonium
and i didn't do a lot of research
i did a quick glance and apparently i
think if i remember right
spirit crystals are dropped by
some hunt monsters
or rumor monsters what rumor do you wish
to hear
so
is that rumor okay thank you very much
get these cleared out
okay so he doesn't like sweets thank you
for
which request will you accept um
[Music]
i could probably go ahead and turn in
some of these since i have
some nice ones there that one isn't that
big a deal
throw in that one you've gone
i wouldn't take both of my refresh oils
though i can make more of those
you've gone eleven vouchers not bad
use one golden pony ball i can do that
uh yeah that one you've gone
how about this luminous water i can turn
in a few of those
read that one
and that thank you okay
welcome thank you what rumor i guess i
should keep doing these strong enemies
[Music]
yeah thank you very much
this guy alter i'm fairly certain i've
done that one already
but i want to try to get these cleared
out and try to get
where do you intend to get the items
they drop
it's over here
[Music]
so i can try to get
the
[Music]
try to unlock harmonium so i can make
awesome weapons
and of course these weapons also need
the uh
what's its the the special rare items
that the rumor monsters also drop
like the gear and that branch and things
like that so i think
what i really need to do is just spam
out hunting a bunch of those
it's a little bit grindy
okay i'll start out with angel's whisper
to be on the safe side
and
use spirit weave to be on the safe side
it's going to happen
after its first turn
here take this all right take this
[Applause]
[Music]
and it's definitely doing elemental
damage i'll provide support
so that should help out your opponent
okay
keep doing skyfall
uh go ahead and do
oh that's interesting up with less hp
good to know
and
go ahead and do light edge
[Music]
[Applause]
all right take this
i'm not sure what that change of revenge
thing is
and that's gonna be annoying
well she will get healed
[Music]
okay
go ahead and make sure monica's still
alive
should be fine with that heal
go ahead and oh yeah it's dead
this isn't good this'll kill it
[Music]
and that isn't rare
let's head back
[Music]
i did
plucked are you here
[Music]
oh fritz it's unusual for you to have
business with pluckta
hey pluckta fritz is calling for you
[Music]
you have business with me ah plocture i
know this is sudden but
[Music]
let me see your body
sophie could you lend me a high-powered
bomb i need to turn this person here to
ashes
okay go right ahead block to i didn't
think prince was that kind of person
wait this is a misunderstanding they
didn't mean like that i'm just here for
maintenance unplucked his body
huh maintenance yeah doesn't matter if
we use special alchemy materials to
emphasize durability
long use will cause wear you may have
transferred her soul inside but as long
as she's a doll
she needs regular maintenance that's
true
to be honest my right arm has been
feeling a little uncomfortable lately
wait really plucky should have told me
i'm sorry i didn't want to make you
worry
now you realize how important
maintenance is right
yes i'm sorry for misunderstanding i
don't mind anyway
can i give you a checkup now i
understand please do so
[Music]
that should do it how do you feel
plucked up the discomfort has
disappeared completely
the joint between the parts was slightly
dislocated i readjusted it
just tell me if you have any problems
with other parts i'll fix them anytime
i will thank you very much fitz
no problem i'll be taking my leave now
did something bad to fritz yes we did
he came here with good intentions but we
were rude to him
i didn't even realize that plucked his
body wasn't working right
i should pay attention to plucked more
carefully from now on
okay let's
go ahead and
check for anything else happening here
[Applause]
or more to the point welcome
more rumors to here no
[Music]
welcome which request will you accept
you can turn this in may as well i have
tons of these
[Music]
i still haven't made any of those
hmm
i could go at some of those to pass the
time
but actually i think what i'll do
let me see if i go to equipment here
instead of
mystery elixir
temporarily i'm going to get water
stimulant
the reason being
[Music]
i'm going to go to that high end area
and go material hunting
and hopefully not run into anything that
utterly slaughters me
[Music]
i have to fight you again slightly
annoying
shouldn't be too bad but i do plan on
this being the only
real fight i do here let's see how much
hit points yeah okay
go ahead and start with that sky fall
shuffle
brave soul and
[Music]
spirit weave
[Applause]
[Music]
this is a secure item
okay next up
angel's whisperer
another shovel
a light edge and nighthander
it's dead probably from that
here here
[Music]
[Applause]
uh so close to getting another point
to upgrade oscar's skill
got some nice things there
i'm just kind of sitting there all right
[Music]
now where was that place
see i was trying to
okay i guess i do have to fight you
this would be an easy fight no
wait did i have to fight him or was it
i'm trying to remember
i should have reviewed the footage i'm
going to start with that
[Music]
go ahead and use that to reduce his
defense
go ahead yeah scroll shot
and let's get you healed up
[Music]
time to clean things up
uh spirit weave in there
okay go ahead now you don't have mp
all right well just attack
um actually
[Music]
give her some mp i think that gives mp
and there
[Music]
get healed right take this
try using this
[Music]
okay again
and that was a lot of xp there
[Music]
dawn bookshelf okay it was here i think
that we ran
into that what is this
dragon scale coat hmm what's this
forgotten gem
okay
[Music]
now before i forget
i want to go ahead and upgrade skyfall
to meteor there
because i use that all the time
excuse me excuse me
uh no i don't think i want to go in
there
where was that place
because i know it was
[Music]
somewhere
oh it's the dusk bookshelf
yeah it was over here
i didn't have to fight that guy all
right now
i'm gonna use that just for a total
[Music]
ridiculousness
let's see where is there
[Music]
i know that's way too high i can't get
around that
just gathering up all these things
because
[Music]
wait were those
francis grass
well we finally found some place with
that
now i need to go up this way
i rather suspect that if we end up in a
fight we're gonna have to hope that we
can run
[Music]
because the quality of the materials
and the strength of that boss is any
indication
we are way over our heads here
um
let me go ahead and why is that not
getting all of them
sometimes it selects as we go and
sometimes not
[Music]
don't mind me just stealing all the
stuff on the ground here
[Music]
wait this is where we came from
need to go up here
the active plaza
use this again
[Music]
oh yeah i see that place where we died
horribly over there on the map
don't mind me
those are uh
[Music]
somewhat nasty looking things i want to
avoid
but we're like drowning in those dragon
bloodstone things at this point
[Music]
can i get around this way
i don't think i can get any further
with that guy there
unless
[Music]
there's the silent yard
i might have a few more chests in this
area how am i doing on space
okay definitely need to send more things
back see they're selecting all of them
so i don't know
[Music]
so
wow is that was that really just a bunch
of what i thought it was yeah a bunch of
a bunch of donald sterns
[Music]
or dukel sterns okay we can get this
only 200 and a bunch of unknown traits
and that is
quality 200 and several
crazy awesome traits
it's about to check with some of you oh
hello
check what some of those traits are
[Music]
grab these last few things actually
let's see
i can go in one more area
i am going to
can i really not send anything else
um i'll try that one
[Music]
it won't let me send any more i guess i
can only send
two uses of the living cart and i can i
can only send one because
i didn't used 49 that first time
um
now how much space do we have 28
[Music]
crap we need to do our best they look
strong
we need to run the heck away
[Music]
oh my turn
just just run
[Music]
that was bad i'm so sorry
well i still got a bunch of items out of
that
so can't even run
[Applause]
let's see
[Music]
[Applause]
accessory provides damage reversal and
immunity to all elements
what
[Music]
[Applause]
um
this is just utterly ridiculous
[Applause]
some of these things are just completely
and utterly ridiculous
[Applause]
seal factor do
[Music]
um
if i can make some materials with these
things it's just gonna be
and i don't even know
let's check here
okay um hmm
happy heart what's that do
increases mp and defense
persistent attack
15 more damage and increases skill power
the
[Music]
the stuff that this these materials have
i don't even know
[Music]
it just seems so game breaking but then
again it's from the
the area that i suppose is supposed to
be the post game
and to be fair the atlear games are all
about crafting game breaking items
welcome thank you for coming sir what
rumor do you wish
is that rumor thank you very clear that
out
[Music]
he doesn't like spiders thread okay
welcome thank you for which request will
you accept
i guess i can turn this in
[Music]
hmm
thank you not a whole lot of money but
get some more vouchers and stuff
that i can do that would take
welcome thank you for coming sophie what
room
well well i still don't have
what i need um
[Music]
let's just see if we can trigger any
more cut scenes real quick with our
current party members oh hey did you
hear about the clock shop
huh you mean harold shop right the one
famous for being
lazy
are those people talking about harold
shop
that's what i always heard too but it
sounds like it's been different lately
he'll repair your clock for really cheap
if you bring it over apparently he
doesn't do a bad job either
huh i heard he wasn't very skilled
compared to his father
is it true yeah my clock's been acting
up lately
i'll try bringing it over to see
sometime
[Music]
ah sounds like harold's working hard
carol shop is getting praised but i'm
feeling happy too for some reason
all right but can i get cut scenes for
our current party members well i don't
know where he is
now he's over there let me check with uh
monica see if you have anything to say
here yeah there nope
how about oscar
[Music]
nope
let's just take a brief glance in the
clock shop anyway
[Music]
carol i have some good news for you good
news
yeah it sounds like your shop has a good
reputation now they say your clocks
they say you repair clocks for cheap and
do good work
i see yep you've been working seriously
lately
no wonder your reputation has gone up
i'm not really working for that reason
oh really
yeah i told you before i'm just
repairing clocks to improve my own
skills
i reduced the price some more customers
would come and i could repair more
clocks
i don't really care about my reputation
huh you're really amazing me
yeah if i was praised that much by my
customers i'd be dancing for joy
but you weren't like that at all you're
how should i say it acting like an adult
an adult isn't there a better way to put
it
and besides you're misunderstanding
something what
i told you i don't care about my
reputation but i never said i wasn't
happy about getting compliments
well does that mean you're actually
really happy about this
i see so that's how it is
stop it don't grin at me like that
harold things turned out great didn't
they
harold learned gun knowledge
all right
there you are
[Applause]
this does fire resistance enhances bomb
category items
[Music]
okay
your friend level is stuck at 45.
[Music]
what do you like
she likes cute accessories
[Music]
okay
okay what should i make well we can
probably make a cute accessory
um
[Applause]
i haven't made one of these yet
i'm just gonna throw some random things
on here
let's see
[Music]
which cauldron is bad it doesn't really
matter
okay then let's start which cauldron is
good
let's go with uh
[Applause]
now we're going with a fairy cauldron
okay then let's start
all right this is going well yeah this
is going great
um
[Applause]
[Music]
all right this is going well
is this really okay
[Music]
no actually what we want to do which
cauldron i know it really shouldn't
matter that much
let's see we don't have any blue things
here do we
no but here we do
we'll do that sure okay then let's start
yeah this is going great
[Music]
let's see yeah these are all the same
shapes so
i'll do that this is going well
[Music]
this is going great
actually let's do
this this is going great
and then all right this is going well
and that is this really
get much more friendly it doesn't matter
what should i add we'll give it
a high price and
boost those i'm just gonna give it to
her uh monica
except she's not around now
we'll sleep until morning and then give
her that gift
oh hmm
sophie what are you thinking so hard
about
um it's about your body flocked up my
body
yeah is your body feeling okay right now
yes i haven't noticed any issues ever
since fruits
took a look at the other day i see
to be honest there's something i was
concerned about
is it about what fritz said yeah he said
that because your body is a doll you
need regular maintenance
it would be fine if something happened
now since fritz is in town
but if he left on another journey i
don't know what i would be able to do
so you were thinking that far ahead yeah
[Music]
okay i've decided i can't just sit
around and worry
i'm going to learn how to do maintenance
on you from fritz
if i do that we'd be able to rest easy
even if it's left
sophie all right i'm going to go now
except not now
[Applause]
because i want to talk to monica
except there's an event going on so i
can't give her stuff right now
i mean maybe i could but i want to check
welcome
rumors well i'm thinking of it follow
sorcerer
i think i've done that is that room
thank you let's grab these
is that real thank you
[Music]
grab this to do next time
and i just noticed how long we've been
recording welcome i'll see you again
so for the moment even though we do have
a few things we will need to do right
off the bat
we're gonna go back to the atlear
and end it for now i hope you enjoyed
thanks for watching and i will see you
next time
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome back to let's play atleast
sophie my name is carsten
we have a few things we need to do now i
did want to check in the cafe
i was doing i know i try to avoid
spoilers and stuff but i was trying to
find out
where to get
the the spirit crystal
apparently it comes from uh rumor
monsters and apparently some of those
rumors don't show up until you do other
rumors so i should like make sure i do
all the rumors
but someone also mentioned a piano
and apparently there's a piano here
it's a piano ah are you interested in
the piano sophie
not in particular but i don't think i've
ever seen anyone play this piano
no really on some nights musicians will
visit to play the piano and sing
huh i want to see that you're more than
welcome if you have the chance
it's quite splendid i know would you
like to try playing it
wait me yes if nobody's playing it
you're welcome to practice it as you see
fit
but i don't know if i can play it nobody
can play well from the very beginning
everything takes practice you're right
then maybe i'll give it a little try
one of the final fantasy games i forget
which
it was either four five or six i think i
think it was either four or five
had a piano and you like played it in
every town and eventually got something
[Music]
well she's quite talented having it make
play the same note several times when
she hits different keys
[Music]
i wonder if it looks like that's the
same one
maybe i have to come back another day or
something
all right now rumors welcome what rumor
do you wish to hear
i know i already did that one
[Music]
and i know i already did that one so i
need to go fight that guy i've fought
him before
[Music]
but see if he drops anything
do you have anything to say no welcome
[Music]
i wish i could just like reverse
engineer that
[Music]
i need to get there's something i needed
to make with one of those
[Music]
and i need to get some aoe healings make
better
weapons and armor
i might use some of those awesome
materials i got off screen or something
about monica let's before i forget about
it
let's give you that thing i made just
for you
all right you like it now
okay can't give you two gifts in a row
interesting
all right now what are you guys talking
about over here
hey welcome ah sophie are you here to
buy vegetables too
yeah i wanted to use some for synthesis
sophie it's fine if you use them for
that but you need to eat raw vegetables
too
some of them are healthier if you eat
them raw
wait really you've always known a lot
about vegetables
i'm a friend of vegetables that's why
yeah yeah
you've all gotten along so well since
you were kids
[Music]
we were playing together since long ago
yes we were
there are other people i get along with
but three of us always seem to be
together
we all have such different interests too
it's a little strange
really i think you're all pretty similar
how oh
there you go both of you take good care
of my son okay
yeah of course yes we're always watching
over him
quit treating me like a kid
[Music]
ah sophie perfect timing huh do you need
something
[Music]
there's somewhere i want to go next time
we go outside to town
can we go there i don't mind but why are
you asking so suddenly
[Music]
i read about a place where lots of rare
plants grow in a book at elise's shop
there were a number of types that i've
never seen before so i wanted to go
check
[Music]
there might be good alchemy materials
too it's okay right
there were three different places
written in the book okay i got it
we'll try going there sometime all right
thanks i'm looking forward to this
don't act so carefree about it if you're
going to travel you'd better finish all
your work first
yeah yeah
[Music]
all right so we have places to go
there
[Music]
and
i needed to talk about maintenance
prince there's something i want you to
teach me yes i figured you'd come sooner
or later
huh you came to ask about how to perform
maintenance on pluckto right
oh yes that's right but how did you know
of course i would all i had to do was
think about how important plucked is to
you
it's like you saw right through me i can
pretty much read your
thoughts at this point anyway how about
i start teaching you about how to
maintain her
yes please i call it maintenance but
it's actually not overly difficult to
repair parts that start to have problems
most issues arise from small
dislocations or abrasions of parts
they can be fixed without much work at
all hmm i didn't know that
usually the hardest thing is actually
finding which parts causing the issue
dolls can't talk to you dolls can't talk
to you about it after all you need to
investigate to find the problem
normally that is oh right plucked akin
yes luckily for you the doll you're
maintaining isn't a normal doll she can
talk to you
if you pay attention to her actions and
ask her how she feels
you should be able to locate the problem
in no time i see
being able to ask about it is a lot
easier than with a normal doll
yeah that's the basic information you
need to know now you need to put it into
practice
i'll show you how to service parts now
so be sure to watch carefully and learn
yes i will thank you
[Music]
sorry charlie brown teacher voice
fritz learned quick action
and that
reduces wait time after turns
cool
let's see well i'm here
actually yeah let me just check the
bookstore
[Music]
hello elise oh welcome sophie
do you want to take another quiz today
oh god
you have another one i'm pretty
confident that i can get them all right
okay then do you mind if this one's a
little more difficult oh crap
i'll be fine do your best
here's the first question what happens
to monsters at night
uh they get stronger that's impressive
you're correct
i'm just getting started can you say
that after the second question
what status fix occurs when you attack
the same enemy many times causing them
to take critical hits
break correct managed to get that one
too
yay just one more third question is very
difficult how many types of puny are
presently known to inhabit this region
uh let's see blue red
black
um
i'm actually just trying to think in how
they were laid out in the encyclopedia
i think it's eight here's blue
red black gold
rainbow
[Music]
uh and then the admiral and
silver and yeah
so at least seven sets eight i'm sure
[Music]
you got them all correct that's very
impressive
i did it i think you graduated from my
quizzes now i've prepared a special
prize for you
what could it be forgotten wood
what's this i received it from a
merchant they say it's related to
alchemy so i thought it would be
suitable for you
is it really okay for me to take this
yes there's no use in me holding on to
it it's your prize
thank you so much elise
[Music]
and that is that's another one of these
things
so used in uh crafting high-end weapons
those were these don't have any traits
on them
these on those have treats these don't
have traits
interesting they're high quality though
these only have cutting thread because
they always have cutting thread
anyway let's go talk to monica real
quick
and we'll head out into the world and
take care of that rumor
okay nothing there
[Music]
sir julio hello sophie do you need
something
there's something i wanted to ask you
ask me what could it be
you know a lot of things about alchemy
right
i was wondering why you know so much
ah the reason is quite simple i told you
before but i've been traveling to
investigate alchemy
that's why but you know things that i
had no idea even existed
i doubt there's much like that but i
have traveled to many places
that means i've met many people and
learned from them it may be thanks to
that
i think it's important to go and gain
knowledge directly from the source
i see someday you should travel to
distant places not just places around
here
i'm sure there's much for you to gain
you're right
i really want to go and see lots of
different places
and he learned another skill there
which does
[Music]
increases attack defense and speed when
fighting powerful enemies are higher
level enemies
cool that's useful
okay let's go to the world map
wait hang on i just realized something
go back in here first
i need to change my equipment back up
because instead of that i want to go
ahead and have
the mystery elixir
[Applause]
i need to make an accessory for sophie
that restores mp
as well
okay now where should i go
i should check what oscar
prospector strand underground lake and
moon sun more
underground lake
[Music]
fresh picture strand underground lake
and moon sun moor
is okay so i have to go there
[Music]
so go here first and then check the
other two
did people make these stones there's a
legend that says a nation that lived
here long ago made them
it seems people lived even in places
like this in the ancient past
huh i didn't know it said that
this could have once been a church what
a church
yes the shape is different but there are
stone monuments and there are also many
graves
that means that people could still that
means there could still be plants
surviving here that the people of the
past grew
uh oscar where did she go
we realized we came here together plants
right i was searching for them
i'm the one doing what we came here for
sorry about that by the way did you find
the plant you were looking for
of course here huh i've never seen this
before
apparently was originally grown for use
in medicine and should be useful for
alchemy
i see thanks oscar
[Music]
you can now gather alter
interesting
can i only gather that here or
[Music]
i haven't seen any yet
i hope doing this doesn't increase the
stats of that boss
oh there we go
oh crap inferior creatures
look endless uh yeah you're still weak
that's fine
[Music]
time to get back to observing plants
but what i wanted to do
[Music]
is see if
well i'll just grab one more here and
then head in and
fight the uh boss man
now what is this it just looks like it's
um
[Music]
let's plant the medicine material i mean
it's
basic quality has some potentially
useful traits but it
nothing particularly spectacular about
it unless it ends up being needed for
some obscure recipe at some point
[Music]
not that way crap we're gonna get this
um i just don't wanna deal with you guys
right now
if i could get around there we go uh
where
is the this way
here we go
not you just need to fight you
[Music]
all right let's take these guys out and
hopefully drop something useful
let's see 1966
now we'll start with the angels whisper
[Music]
and the spirit with cloth
here use this
here i go seal really
[Music]
okay i think i'm done seal
is annoying you're going to attack
keep doing meteor shovel you
no you have to
use that and you go ahead and use that
and yeah let's go ahead and start
spamming squall shot
wide open
oh my turn
[Music]
now go ahead now that you can do
something
[Music]
um
yeah start doing that actually
do you have the
[Music]
no you don't have that single target one
this is the oh no you do
we have that one we'll use that
i'll use this
[Music]
[Applause]
all right take this
[Music]
an offensive item
that wasn't all that impressive
let's see
yeah we'll just attack it's dead it
doesn't matter
not quite enough to get more points
that's annoying
[Music]
and
nothing spectacular there which is also
annoying
[Music]
can i clear these
oh i can
[Music]
what i'm meant to do is go here
and we'll head off in the other
direction after
checking rumors to get the other things
oscar wanted
[Applause]
i did
it looks like we have another scene here
somewhere
[Music]
it's a thunderstorm
okay
welcome what do we have here still
nothing useful i know i've done both of
those which request will you accept
sure i'll turn in one of these for uh
[Music]
for whatever the thing is
um
[Music]
i guess that one thank you
sure i got a bunch of these actually now
[Music]
but still nothing welcome
help still nothing new there now
you're not over here are you no okay
let's check in the blacksmith
no
yeah about in the clock shop
[Music]
there we go
hello sophie are you here to buy a clock
nope i'm just pressing around i already
have a clock anyway
i see you hardly ever show up to prayer
so i thought you didn't have one
sorry don't be so hard on her
i'm sure sophie has things to do there's
a lot of times when i'm concentrating on
my work and forget what time it is
i can't blame her at all
[Music]
you keep your promises so you're fine
harold sophie's at fault because she
makes promises and forgets about them
all right that's enough here i finished
with the adjustments
thank you very much still is it really
necessary to adjust it this often
you're coming here every week wait you
are
it makes me uneasy when i don't know
what time it is and i want to make sure
i'm always on time
anyway thank you for making the
adjustments
see you later sophie make sure you come
to the next prayer
okay see you later
she's really serious yeah she's really
admirable i need to keep better track of
time too
[Music]
now you have any further progress on
here
nope
okay let's go to the world map
[Music]
where to and we needed to check
prospector strand and underground like
maybe we'll get a thunderstorm i think
as a thunderstorm here we needed a uh
we need it for something
[Music]
this is a pretty place the water in
kitchen bell flows from here
but it's much clearer here
i came from a place near the sea so i
know a lot about the ocean
but vast lakes are beautiful too
i've never seen the ocean it doesn't
look too much different from this
the main difference is whether you see
mountains or islands
although the scent of the wind is far
different
huh i'd like to go sometime i would too
i'd also like to visit the church's head
cathedral
yes you can come visit anytime i'll
guide you around when you do
okay oh by the way where's oscar
hey everyone come over here
you're hopeless why don't you stick
closer to the group
that's not important right now look at
this
what about this plant what do you mean
what about it
this is the plant we came here for it's
a rare type that only grows in mountains
near clean water
is it really that rare i would never
have known
same here it looks like an ordinary
plant without any special features
it can be used as an ingredient to make
rare medicines among many other uses
this would probably be perfect for
alchemy
yeah thanks oscar
you can now gather crimson herb
alright let's see if we can gather some
crimson herb
that is not crimson herb
[Music]
none of this is crimson herb it's nice
to see i can gather it
there we go
is this a thunderstorm or is this just
[Music]
rain
was that not what i needed for the
was it here night thunderstorm the
prospector strand
oh it needs to be at night okay so i
need to pass time
except now it's no longer a thunderstorm
[Music]
great
well that's annoying
all right let's just uh send
a load of this stuff back
and head to the next area
which i believe was the area adjacent to
this one
got a destination
i've seen this before but it's amazing
every time
it's surprising to see so much water
stored up underground
but the water and the river comes
welling up from underground somewhere
too
so i suppose this is very possible it's
a really unusual environment though
the plant we're looking for could be
here
oh there hey oscar wait up
i knew it everyone look at this
[Music]
is that the plant we were looking for
yeah that's right
they're really weak to sunlight that's
why they like they live like this
underground also there's a
little temperature change inside a cave
it's pretty much the same
environment year round that's why so
many plants can live here
i didn't know i might be able to
synthesize something really unusual with
them
but they're inhabiting such a human dark
place could they be poisonous
there's no need to worry about that i
can tell which ones are poisonous and
which ones aren't
what you can do that too oscar
i've never told you but i was always
checking the things you gathered
ah now that you mention it sometimes
things i could have
sworn i gathered would just be missing
sophie
you didn't think it was strange i
thought i was just misremembering
how we i was always removing the things
that were too dangerous to keep
i didn't know thank you not a problem
anyway
we should start gathering okay oscar
never do that again and now i can gather
princess grass
which would have been
um i i didn't realize that i needed an
event to get that but now i know
let's see if i can grab some from
somewhere around here
[Music]
you know the return to christian belt
okay
why is it not it says i can gather it
but i'm not seeing it anywhere
[Music]
oops i shall be your opponent
and just die
i'll use this
i just don't want to deal with you guys
right now
time to get back to observing plants hey
i got uh
enough xp for another point there
[Music]
um i'll just
throw those i don't care um
[Music]
we'll send one more batch back
i already had some of those where is
that stupid flower
[Music]
so i can gather them
and yet they are nowhere to be found
here
[Music]
we have 23 spaces left
[Applause]
[Music]
no let's just leave
[Applause]
[Music]
let's check in the last area briefly
this won't be easy
what why am i getting that music
oh high level twin headers okay
all right fine
[Music]
here use this
is
[Music]
really
this is bad
[Music]
[Applause]
how yeah i lose
i please run this is getting really
annoying
[Music]
this isn't good this is bad
oh it's my turn
[Music]
this fight's over i'm gonna this isn't
good
we're gonna wake up dead of the atlear
when this fight's over
[Music]
how could i
yeah so yeah
that was annoying
i'm tired i need i got to meet all the
plants i wanted to i'm satisfied thanks
again sophie
i'm tired too after being dragged around
by you
it's all fine well it'll be for your own
good in the end too monica
what does that mean i found new plants
so sophie should be able to make new
things with alchemy
you'll be able to use the items she
makes too so you'll be benefiting
seriously and that's true
i need to work hard and synthesize them
for that yeah the plants will be happy
too if you do that
talking about the voices of plants again
yep they're all trying to tell us how
they feel i think it's my duty to let
people know what they're trying to say
yeah yeah
[Music]
oscar learned agile heavyweight
increases evasion and reduces damage
taken
now let's take a quick look
in the cafe here
i think that's still the same
welcome what rumor do you want right
is that rumor okay i'll grab both of
these
is that thank you
[Music]
i think i've done one of them already
i know i've done those three
welcome which request
[Music]
i'm not going to bother with any of
those
but for right now let's just head back
to the allier
[Applause]
now let's see let's make sure i should
still have yeah i still have some of
these
a slime compound what's that
[Applause]
i store some hp and recovers poison okay
other than that i think it's pretty
generic
[Music]
okay well
i think that will do it for right now
once again i hope you enjoy thanks for
watching and i will see you next time
[Applause]
[Music]
welcome back to let's play outlet or
sophie my name is carsten
we had some rumors we needed to check
out i believe
yeah we have a brave master of water i
don't think i've fought that one yet
i'm pretty sure i have fought that one
it's got prospector strand and prayless
altar
[Music]
now if we look at
our status
do i have enough of three points
[Applause]
what can i do that would be
[Music]
useful here
[Applause]
i think defense
hp plus 10 or defense plus
five
i think increasing defense is probably
our best bet
actually probably do yeah i can do both
of those
so i'm going to increase hp and defense
wait a sec i just noticed i can change
character this way
now how about you what do you have
go holy edge there that may be our best
bet for her
that takes five i think i will go ahead
and get holy edge since i do use that
skill
on single targets
and plucked it what can you
get
[Music]
all stats increase i think we'll go with
all stats increase
[Music]
now let's go back to the map
where should i go let's go
to prospector strand
maybe we'll get a night thunderstorm at
some point while we're there
now it's daytime actually
[Music]
i just want to make it be night
okay now it's night maybe we'll get a
thunderstorm while we're here
[Music]
is it you
yes it's you
shouldn't be too bad yeah i've heard
that line before
1966 okay let's start with the angels
whisperer
[Music]
yeah i'll go with that here
all right take this
[Music]
all right we will have a heal there i
think i'm gonna switch to defensive mode
[Music]
though
gift we'll reduce defense
and let's go ahead and give sophie a
feel there
and you just keep using squall shot that
did not do as much damage as i'd hoped
but we're still working on getting it
down
[Music]
oh dear
time to clean things up
[Music]
[Applause]
and that media is going to hit before
the
[Music]
hmm
let's uh make sure we have that going
this isn't good
over there
[Music]
okay so that'll hit not kill it
oh
[Applause]
[Music]
he killed it
remastered water ended i see no chest
here
that's annoying
[Music]
actually let's use that one because we
get it refilled for free
[Music]
let's get the uh items here at least
through the rest of the night and maybe
we'll get a thunderstorm
[Music]
come on give me a thunderstorm at night
i mean it's not
that important all things considered but
you know
unlocks another crafting thing and now
it's no longer night
you just said i have a bad feeling about
this and we should turn back
why would you say that
we're gonna send those
and fight you shouldn't be too bad
you should be easy oh yeah you're like
trivial why did you say you had a bad
feeling about this
[Music]
this is a chance
that's nothing why did you have a bad
feeling about that
your bad feelings are not very reliable
where are we going next now
[Music]
um
let's just skip back
[Music]
because the other one's in the other
direction
is there anything wrong with your body i
don't notice any issues
i see if anything seems strange tell me
right away i'll fix it for you
yes i'll tell you when that happens yep
just leave it to me
oh we have a guest yes the door is open
excuse me sophie plocta fritz are you
here for maintenance again
i'm sorry but sophie will be taking care
of that from now on
no i have other business i'm the one who
left maintenance up to sophie anyway
i actually came to request some work
from sophie
for work yeah to tell the truth i got a
great idea for a doll
i couldn't sit still and ended up
writing up the blueprints
that's where you come in i want you to
make materials for the doll just like
before
okay i understand um do you want the
same materials as before
no this one's going to be constructed
different than before same materials
won't work
look at this is this
an alchemy recipe yeah after doing a lot
of research i decided that material
would be most suitable do you think you
can make it yes i'll try
this is for you after all thanks that
really helps me out
just bring it to my place when it's done
i understand i feel at ease leaving this
up to you
thanks again
[Music]
all right fritz taught me how to
maintain plata i need to work hard on
this is thanks
okay and what can we make
red learn how to make sage's soil
[Music]
huh do i have a guest uh answer
let's get our own crappy item
sophie i'm here i brought you a gift to
thank you for always helping me out
thanks as always see you again
cobalt grass yes that was definitely a
worthwhile trade-off for
the accessory that i made
what to make
[Music]
let's sage's soil i need
seabed soil
[Applause]
and i know nothing about seabed soil
maybe that's a rumor
[Applause]
[Music]
that's uh you're not getting any better
welcome what rumor do you wish to hear
let's see
ruler of the ocean that's different than
the other one
[Music]
um i'm not sure
pretty sure i've got that one
is that rumored grab that
[Music]
okay let's go to
back to the world map what's our
destination
and
we have one at the small island
and scar of the land and underground
lake
[Music]
let's go to the small eyelet first
[Applause]
uh yeah this one is back here
right yeah prayerless altar
now it's back around this way i think
just looking at the map
it looks like it's up in the northeast
there
yeah i've fought this one before
[Music]
shouldn't be too bad
15 30. all right
i'll use this
here i go come on
[Music]
i need to make some better armor
for everyone using some of those crazy
awesome traits that i found
i'll be your opponent come
all right let's go ahead and use
angels whisperer another meteor shovel
another skull shot and holy edge
all right take this
[Music]
having those multi attacks is always
useful
and a little worthless item okay
uh back home because
there's no quick path between these
places i need to get to
[Music]
sophie are you here ah sir julio
do you need something there's actually
something i wanted to request from you
a request what is it i told you before
how i came here to speak with your
grandmother correct
there was something i wanted her to make
for me make what
there's somebody who i wish to cure i
wanted her to make medicine for them
medicine yes it's a condition i'd never
seen before and nobody around was able
to cure it
i started investigating it my free time
that's when i learned about the
existence of alchemy
that's why you know so much yes
you can make all kinds of medicine using
alchemy there may even be medicines that
are yet to be discovered
that's why i traveled across many lands
investigating alchemy
i see it's true that there are a lot of
medicines that can be made with alchemy
it seems that person is near this town
now sophie could you meet with them
i think you need to see them to
understand their condition
you were able to turn plucked into a
doll so you may be able to cure them
i understand i'll meet them i don't know
too much about medicine but i might be
able to help
thank you i'll tell you where they are
we should go when you have time
[Applause]
meet julio's friend where is that
in the sealed temple
well much as i'd like to do that
i got a couple rumors and i don't want
the rumors to time out
[Music]
i'll go to scar the land first then the
underground lake
[Music]
this is
not sure which area is going to have
those but it's
probably going to be obvious by the map
once i get there
i wonder if it's that little place over
there
[Music]
i'm not sure are those
not sure if those are the things i'm
supposed to be getting
or not
[Music]
i'm gonna check that other dead end and
then i'm gonna head to the other part of
this map
i wish they showed up differently so i
[Music]
knew
am i doing on okay good thing i checked
[Music]
so now i'll head over to the southern
area
[Music]
which is up
let's grab this one
[Music]
i mean there's nothing particularly i
mean there are quality 100 which is nice
but so are the other things so i don't
think it's just that
oh crystal blessed by spirits ended
[Music]
what
are that spirit crystals oh cool
i got spirit crystals harmonium can be
synthesized
awesome finally
so you need to watch for that so i can
get more of those
i'm probably going to make some awesome
harmonium off screen
let me just double check what it takes
crimson stone and spirit crystal
or in fuel
okay yeah i will be making some of that
off screen probably because it's gonna
take
some a lot of figuring to craft that in
and it's probably going to be really
boring
but
let's just check the cafe real quick
welcome what rumor do you wish to hear
[Music]
i'm pretty sure eddie did that
welcome thank you for coming sophie
what rumor do you wish to hear um
no i'm pretty sure that one's already
done let me see
actually
does this have the
[Music]
no it doesn't have i was checking to see
if it showed me the other rumors
[Music]
are we any better at the piano yet
she seems to be a little faster at it
but maybe i'm just
confused all right let's go to the world
map and finish up that other
where are we going next we're gonna go
here and hopefully not get killed
i'm not going to pick anything up
because i don't want to
inadvertently level up the
enemies
[Music]
because i have gotten hit by that pretty
bad on occasion
in fact i might if i think of it unequip
that item that boosts how fast that
happens
because well it's nice to get
good uh items it doesn't help if i
die a lot
angry creatures you're gonna drop a
chest or anything there
four thousand oh that's a little tough
uh we'll start with angel's whisper
actually can you
steals enemy attack power okay
on the off chance some of that stuff
that he's going to no doubt do is
elemental
we'll use spirit we've cloth that
increases invasion as well i believe
okay well you can just
slaughter half my team that's fine sure
go right ahead
so
[Music]
i should switch to defensive i just
realized
[Music]
[Applause]
okay we need to go to defensive when
angels whisper
filling shovel
that last frolic is really annoying
[Music]
wow really
yeah i don't think this is gonna go well
ow
[Music]
yeah this is bad
i'm gonna try to get some of these
things off
[Music]
um
it's entirely possible i can sleep by
with the auto revives i keep getting
gonna be somewhat annoying
okay
angels whisper
um
just attack i guess
if you can try to revive plocta
[Applause]
[Music]
actually i should just have her attack
because she is getting the
[Music]
okay so we'll do nine hander
gods gift again
now you just attack and holy edge
[Music]
i strengthen filthy body does not sound
good
[Music]
that was really not what i wanted to see
happen
[Music]
that was very not what i wanted to see
happen
[Music]
this isn't good
um
[Music]
i'm hoping for some revives
here i go oh come on
when this fight's over i'm gonna okay
i think we pulled it off barely
that was entirely too close
[Music]
now what was that thing that was seabed
soil
which i needed for that but i only got
one
[Music]
but we're going to uh
we're gonna head back
[Music]
i did
now i want to see if that is
that's if i have any new items that
inspire you
mochi lochie hey sophie i brought
another material that could inspire you
please take a look
what do you think this is whoa
[Music]
okay that thing is inspiring
anything else
it's no okay what weapon do you want to
make
so the forgotten part for her
but mostly i need to make the
harmonium with all the cool stuff i want
[Music]
now we have another scene over here
i see that's good to know thanks it's
not a problem
what were you talking about
[Music]
ah sophie hey i was just giving her some
advice about clothes
what you were oscar
why are you so surprised because i
didn't know you had interest in clothes
and you were giving leon advice
shouldn't it be the reverse
what i could give some advice too it's
not about color or fashion anyway
wait then what was it about
he's kind of plump right i figured he
would want different clothes than people
with more average builds
so i asked him for his opinion oh
so that's what it was
he was really helpful i think i can
still make some improvements for comfort
when it comes to clothes like this
you can come to my store anytime if you
have more questions my mom's always
there
oh does that mean your mother made the
clothes you're wearing
yeah that's right mrs marguerite is
really skilled
she's good at cooking too i really
admire her
i see then maybe i'll go talk to her
sometime
you're always welcome even more welcome
if you buy some vegetables while you're
there
[Music]
there's the real motivation
maybe i'll do that
all right good morning
now what armor do you want to make
alchemy vest go
there that needs glovitis
ancient coat
so it looks like
fair height that's that's level 35 and
we do have higher level ones
looks like velocis is our
level cloth item that we need to throw
all our
cool stuff onto i might make some of
that
if i think of it off-screen
sophie what are you doing oh monica
i was practicing the piano the piano
yeah i started wanting to play it
although i'm still really bad at it
i see i'll be better next time so look
forward to it
yes i will all right back to practice
this might take a while
oh you got a scene with it so i guess
we're making progress
what rumor do you wish
see i think we've done both of these
okay let's make sure we clear these out
[Music]
okay
actually i know we've done this one and
i'm
pretty sure we've done that one and i
need to
make some items too so don't necessarily
want to
grab a rumor that may expire while we're
working on
crafting
so let's just grab ourselves some
generic water for when it's needed
[Music]
and that is gonna be it for now
i hope you enjoyed thanks for watching
and i will see you next time
[Music]
[Applause]
you